PMM-9704 Working on a new branch (#877)
percona/pmm: markdown/createpsmdbcluster.md

  "name": "string",
  "params": {
    "cluster_size": 0,
    "replicaset": {
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      },
      "disk_size": "string"
    },
    "image": "string"
  },
  "expose": true
}
```

#### Fields description

| Field                                     | Description                           | Notes                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| kubernetes_cluster_name                   | Kubernetes cluster name               | Required                                                     |
| name                                      | PSMDB cluster name                    | Default: `psmdb`+DB version+5 chars random string            |
| cluster_size                              | Cluster size                          | Default: 3                                                   |
| replicaset.compute_resources.cpu_m        | CPU resources millis                  | Default: 1000                                                |

> | replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 Gb                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 GB                                                |
```

> | replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 Gb                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 GB                                                |
```

Reviewer 2: Gb and GB are two different values

> | disk_size                                 | Max disk size                         | Default: 25 Gb                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disk_size                                 | Max disk size                         | Default: 25 GB                                               |
```

| image                                     | PSMDB Docker image                    | Default is the recommended version from the Percona's version service |
| expose                                    | Expose outside the Kubernetes cluster | Default: false                                               |

> Since the endpoint can set defaults, creating a PSMDB cluster can be made with a minimum request like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the endpoint can set defaults, you can create a PSMDB cluster with a minimum request like this:
```
